What is the purpose of the various auxiliary methods populateList, populateFifoList, and ReverseLines.printReverse?
The purpose of the populateList and pupulateFinfoList is to have one of them normally add the first item to the list. Then, have first method call the second method. In which, the second method will add the rest of the elements of the list recursivly, where each element is added at the begining of the list. This ensures that the stack is created as a list but in backwards priority while respecting the rules set by the list object. The printReverse method is a recusive method called once by the main to take input then spit back the input backwards. The reason why the method is seperate from the main, is the main by itself cannot be recursive due to the fact if that were the case it would quickly resolve in a stack overflow. Also, the reverseLines method, although void, does return. The reason being is that the return stops the method wherever it is and returns to the previous method before it. Acting as a break for a set of loops. This return shoots it back through each method call before it and returns the input backwards.

Why do these methods need to have arguments, and how does the argument change from one recursive call to the next?
The methods need to have arguments so that the data in the scope before it can be carried over into a new scope. The variables in a function call are local to that function. If the recusive method were to have no arguments and was still recursive, it would do the same operations on the same information until it hit a stack overflow.

What are the time and space complexity of each of the populateList populateFifoList methods, as well as ReverseLines.printReverse?
populateList has a O(n) complexity because it will always go to the end of the data the stack has. populateList has a space complexity of O(n) as well because the ammount of data being stored is linear. If the ammount of items doubles in populateList, then the memory stored in the list will double as well. populateFinfoList has a O(1) complexity because it will only add the first value to the list once and has a space complexity of O(1) as well being that it will only add a the single variable to memeory once. printReverse has a O(n) complexity. The reason being is that it will act on how many inputs the user chooses to input. It will also go in reverse as well. But being that as soon as the return is reached the operations will only be doubled. The space complexity is O(1), the reason being is that it is not saving anything but rather printing it out.

Which of these methods can be implemented using while loops?
populateList and populateFinfoList can be rewritten as while loops. How it would work is to just have a clause when the list is empty. If the list is empty, then just add the item. If the list is not empty then add the items to the first position of the list. PrintReverse cannot be rewritten in a while loop because, it requires the program to halt before reaching the print statement after the recursion. Which is not possible with out creating more loops.
